Links and Images: Add clarifying sub-bullet note on assignment no. 2 article (#31195)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/html_css/html_foundations/links_and_images.md

   - [HTML Images](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xoztJCHpbQ).
   - [File Structure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ta3Oxx7Yqbo).
1. Read and code along with Interneting is Hard's article on [Links and Images](https://internetingishard.netlify.app/html-and-css/links-and-images). Pay close attention to the section that covers the four main image formats.

>   - Note: This article suggests that it is better to set image dimensions with CSS. We would still recommend setting width and height attributes on all images.

Reviewer: If we are going with a separate note, I think we should add a notebox [as described in our styleguide](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/blob/main/LAYOUT_STYLE_GUIDE.md#note-boxes) The other option is mentioning it in the assignment itself without subbullet or notebox. 
```suggestion
1. Read and code along with Interneting is Hard's article on [Links and Images](https://internetingishard.netlify.app/html-and-css/links-and-images). Pay close attention to the section that covers the four main image formats. This article suggests that it is better to set image dimensions with CSS. We still recommend setting width and height attributes on all images as mentioned earlier in this lesson.
```

Author: I personally like the simplicity of keeping it in the sub-bullet. I think you covered it perfectly. If you'd like me to explore the note option—I can do that too. I applied your sub-bullet commit to the PR.
